Graduate prefer nominated node to beta (#2764)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/sig-scheduling/1923-prefer-nominated-node/README.md

  - preempt the victim pods on the nominated node
  - check pod will be scheduled on the nominated node
- **Benchmark Tests**: A benchmark test which compares the performance before and after the change.
  The performance improvement is visible by benchmark of `scheduler_framework_extension_point_duration_seconds{extension_point="Filter"}` in a large cluster

>   where preemption is expected to happen frequently.

Reviewer: graduation criteria for beta are missing

Author: Done

Reviewer 2: @chendave you need to add graduation criteria for Beta in the section below under `### Graduation Criteria`.

Author: thanks @ahg-g , just added.

_This section must be completed when targeting beta graduation to a release._

* **How can a rollout fail? Can it impact already running workloads?**

>   No. This is an opt-in feature and a runtime behavior change, it shouldn't impact
>   already running workloads.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  No. It's expected to accelerate scheduling a pod upon preemption, and hence it won't impact
  already running workloads.
```

Author: Done

* **What specific metrics should inform a rollback?**

>   The existing metric `scheduler_framework_extension_point_duration_seconds{extension_point="Filter"}`.

Reviewer 3: We should specify X% increase of this metric may inform a rollback.

Author: Done

* **Were upgrade and rollback tested? Was the upgrade->downgrade->upgrade path tested?**
  Describe manual testing that was done and the outcomes.

>   Manually tested successfully.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  The upgrade/rollback and upgrade->downgrade->upgrade paths will be tested manually.
```

Author: Done

_This section must be completed when targeting beta graduation to a release._

* **How can a rollout fail? Can it impact already running workloads?**
  No. It's expected to accelerate scheduling a pod upon preemption, and hence it won't impact
  already running workloads.

* **What specific metrics should inform a rollback?**

>   The existing metric `scheduler_framework_extension_point_duration_seconds{extension_point="Filter"}`,

Reviewer 2: 5% is within the margin of error for filter latency, I would rephrase to say: "noticeable and sustainable increase in `scheduler_framework_extension_point_duration_seconds{extension_point="Filter"}`" latency metric

Author: Done

  and if the value increase around 5% will inform a rollback.

* **Were upgrade and rollback tested? Was the upgrade->downgrade->upgrade path tested?**
  Describe manual testing that was done and the outcomes.

>   The upgrade/rollback and upgrade->downgrade->upgrade paths will be tested manually.

Reviewer 2: you need to actually test them before we merge this and if successful we say "successfully tested manually"

Author: Done

Author: Manually tested this cross different version with feature gate on/off, and passed.

* **Is the rollout accompanied by any deprecations and/or removals of features, APIs,
fields of API types, flags, etc.?**

>   No.

Reviewer: There are a bunch of answers still missing (e.g. the whole Monitoring Requirements) section.

Please fill in all questions and ping me then.

Author: Done

_This section must be completed when targeting beta graduation to a release._

* **How can a rollout fail? Can it impact already running workloads?**

>   No. It's expected to accelerate scheduling a pod upon preemption, and hence it won't impact

Reviewer: 1) The rollout can always fail (e.g. if there is a bug and scheduler will start crashlooping on certain conditions).
That's probably the only thing that requires mentioning explicitly.

2) For the second question just say "it's a scheduler features, so it doesn't affect already running workloads".

Author: Done

  already running workloads.

* **What specific metrics should inform a rollback?**
  Noticeable and sustainable increase in `scheduler_framework_extension_point_duration_seconds{extension_point="Filter"}`
  latency metric.

* **Were upgrade and rollback tested? Was the upgrade->downgrade->upgrade path tested?**
  Manually tested successfully.

* **Is the rollout accompanied by any deprecations and/or removals of features, APIs,
fields of API types, flags, etc.?**
  No.

### Monitoring Requirements

_This section must be completed when targeting beta graduation to a release._

* **How can an operator determine if the feature is in use by workloads?**
  N/A

* **What are the SLIs (Service Level Indicators) an operator can use to determine
the health of the service?**
  - [x] Metrics
    - Metric name: `scheduler_framework_extension_point_duration_seconds{extension_point="Filter"}`
    - Components exposing the metric: kube-scheduler
  - [ ] Other (treat as last resort)
    - Details:

* **What are the reasonable SLOs (Service Level Objectives) for the above SLIs?**

>   - 99% of filter latency for the pod scheduling is within x minutes

Reviewer: I guess we should replace minutes with seconds :)

Filter latency in minutes sounds very terrifying...

Author: Done
